ui.admin.common.AccountAssociationType			Account Association Type
ui.admin.common.AccountAssociationType.Plural			Account Association Types
ui.admin.common.AccountAssociationType.Manage			Manage Account Association Types
ui.admin.common.AccountAssociationType.Add			Add Account Association Type
ui.admin.common.AccountImageType			Account Image Type
ui.admin.common.AccountImageType.Plural			Account Image Types
ui.admin.common.AccountImageType.Manage			Manage Account Image Types
ui.admin.common.AccountImageType.Add			Add Account Image Type
ui.admin.common.AccountProductType			Account Product Type
ui.admin.common.AccountProductType.Plural			Account Product Types
ui.admin.common.AccountProductType.Manage			Manage Account Product Types
ui.admin.common.AccountProductType.Add			Add Account Product Type
ui.admin.common.AccountStatus			Account Status
ui.admin.common.AccountStatus.Plural			Account Statuses
ui.admin.common.AccountStatus.Manage			Manage Account Statuses
ui.admin.common.AccountStatus.Add			Add Account Status
ui.admin.common.AccountType			Account Type
ui.admin.common.AccountType.Plural			Account Types
ui.admin.common.AccountType.Manage			Manage Account Types
ui.admin.common.AccountType.Add			Add Account Type
ui.admin.common.AdImageType			Ad Image Type
ui.admin.common.AdImageType.Plural			Ad Image Types
ui.admin.common.AdImageType.Manage			Manage Ad Image Types
ui.admin.common.AdImageType.Add			Add Ad Image Type
ui.admin.common.AdStatus			Ad Status
ui.admin.common.AdStatus.Plural			Ad Statuses
ui.admin.common.AdStatus.Manage			Manage Ad Statuses
ui.admin.common.AdStatus.Add			Add Ad Status
ui.admin.common.AdType			Ad Type
ui.admin.common.AdType.Plural			Ad Types
ui.admin.common.AdType.Manage			Manage Ad Types
ui.admin.common.AdType.Add			Add Ad Type
ui.admin.common.ZoneStatus			Zone Status
ui.admin.common.ZoneStatus.Plural			Zone Statuses
ui.admin.common.ZoneStatus.Manage			Manage Zone Statuses
ui.admin.common.ZoneStatus.Add			Add Zone Status
ui.admin.common.ZoneType			Zone Type
ui.admin.common.ZoneType.Plural			Zone Types
ui.admin.common.ZoneType.Manage			Manage Zone Types
ui.admin.common.ZoneType.Add			Add Zone Type
ui.admin.common.AttributeGroup			Attribute Group
ui.admin.common.AttributeGroup.Plural			Attribute Groups
ui.admin.common.AttributeGroup.Manage			Manage Attribute Groups
ui.admin.common.AttributeGroup.Add			Add Attribute Group
ui.admin.common.AttributeTab			Attribute Tab
ui.admin.common.AttributeTab.Plural			Attribute Tabs
ui.admin.common.AttributeTab.Manage			Manage Attribute Tabs
ui.admin.common.AttributeTab.Add			Add Attribute Tab
ui.admin.common.AttributeType			Attribute Type
ui.admin.common.AttributeType.Plural			Attribute Types
ui.admin.common.AttributeType.Manage			Manage Attribute Types
ui.admin.common.AttributeType.Add			Add Attribute Type
ui.admin.common.AuctionStatus			Auction Status
ui.admin.common.AuctionStatus.Plural			Auction Statuses
ui.admin.common.AuctionStatus.Manage			Manage Auction Statuses
ui.admin.common.AuctionStatus.Add			Add Auction Status
ui.admin.common.AuctionType			Auction Type
ui.admin.common.AuctionType.Plural			Auction Types
ui.admin.common.AuctionType.Manage			Manage Auction Types
ui.admin.common.AuctionType.Add			Add Auction Type
ui.admin.common.BidStatus			Bid Status
ui.admin.common.BidStatus.Plural			Bid Statuses
ui.admin.common.BidStatus.Manage			Manage Bid Statuses
ui.admin.common.BidStatus.Add			Add Bid Status
ui.admin.common.LotGroup			Lot Group
ui.admin.common.LotGroup.Plural			Lot Groups
ui.admin.common.LotGroup.Manage			Manage Lot Groups
ui.admin.common.LotGroup.Add			Add Lot Group
ui.admin.common.LotStatus			Lot Status
ui.admin.common.LotStatus.Plural			Lot Statuses
ui.admin.common.LotStatus.Manage			Manage Lot Statuses
ui.admin.common.LotStatus.Add			Add Lot Status
ui.admin.common.LotType			Lot Type
ui.admin.common.LotType.Plural			Lot Types
ui.admin.common.LotType.Manage			Manage Lot Types
ui.admin.common.LotType.Add			Add Lot Type
ui.admin.common.BadgeImageType			Badge Image Type
ui.admin.common.BadgeImageType.Plural			Badge Image Types
ui.admin.common.BadgeImageType.Manage			Manage Badge Image Types
ui.admin.common.BadgeImageType.Add			Add Badge Image Type
ui.admin.common.BadgeType			Badge Type
ui.admin.common.BadgeType.Plural			Badge Types
ui.admin.common.BadgeType.Manage			Manage Badge Types
ui.admin.common.BadgeType.Add			Add Badge Type
ui.admin.common.BrandImageType			Brand Image Type
ui.admin.common.BrandImageType.Plural			Brand Image Types
ui.admin.common.BrandImageType.Manage			Manage Brand Image Types
ui.admin.common.BrandImageType.Add			Add Brand Image Type
ui.admin.common.BrandInventoryLocationType			Brand Inventory Location Type
ui.admin.common.BrandInventoryLocationType.Plural			Brand Inventory Location Types
ui.admin.common.BrandInventoryLocationType.Manage			Manage Brand Inventory Location Types
ui.admin.common.BrandInventoryLocationType.Add			Add Brand Inventory Location Type
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventImageType			Calendar Event Image Type
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventImageType.Plural			Calendar Event Image Types
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventImageType.Manage			Manage Calendar Event Image Types
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventImageType.Add			Add Calendar Event Image Type
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventStatus			Calendar Event Status
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventStatus.Plural			Calendar Event Statuses
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventStatus.Manage			Manage Calendar Event Statuses
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventStatus.Add			Add Calendar Event Status
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventType			Calendar Event Type
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventType.Plural			Calendar Event Types
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventType.Manage			Manage Calendar Event Types
ui.admin.common.CalendarEventType.Add			Add Calendar Event Type
ui.admin.common.UserEventAttendanceType			User Event Attendance Type
ui.admin.common.UserEventAttendanceType.Plural			User Event Attendance Types
ui.admin.common.UserEventAttendanceType.Manage			Manage User Event Attendance Types
ui.admin.common.UserEventAttendanceType.Add			Add User Event Attendance Type
ui.admin.common.CategoryImageType			Category Image Type
ui.admin.common.CategoryImageType.Plural			Category Image Types
ui.admin.common.CategoryImageType.Manage			Manage Category Image Types
ui.admin.common.CategoryImageType.Add			Add Category Image Type
ui.admin.common.CategoryType			Category Type
ui.admin.common.CategoryType.Plural			Category Types
ui.admin.common.CategoryType.Manage			Manage Category Types
ui.admin.common.CategoryType.Add			Add Category Type
ui.admin.common.ContactImageType			Contact Image Type
ui.admin.common.ContactImageType.Plural			Contact Image Types
ui.admin.common.ContactImageType.Manage			Manage Contact Image Types
ui.admin.common.ContactImageType.Add			Add Contact Image Type
ui.admin.common.ContactType			Contact Type
ui.admin.common.ContactType.Plural			Contact Types
ui.admin.common.ContactType.Manage			Manage Contact Types
ui.admin.common.ContactType.Add			Add Contact Type
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeStatus			Referral Code Status
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeStatus.Plural			Referral Code Statuses
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeStatus.Manage			Manage Referral Code Statuses
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeStatus.Add			Add Referral Code Status
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeType			Referral Code Type
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeType.Plural			Referral Code Types
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeType.Manage			Manage Referral Code Types
ui.admin.common.ReferralCodeType.Add			Add Referral Code Type
ui.admin.common.UserImageType			User Image Type
ui.admin.common.UserImageType.Plural			User Image Types
ui.admin.common.UserImageType.Manage			Manage User Image Types
ui.admin.common.UserImageType.Add			Add User Image Type
ui.admin.common.UserOnlineStatus			User Online Status
ui.admin.common.UserOnlineStatus.Plural			User Online Statuses
ui.admin.common.UserOnlineStatus.Manage			Manage User Online Statuses
ui.admin.common.UserOnlineStatus.Add			Add User Online Status
ui.admin.common.UserStatus			User Status
ui.admin.common.UserStatus.Plural			User Statuses
ui.admin.common.UserStatus.Manage			Manage User Statuses
ui.admin.common.UserStatus.Add			Add User Status
ui.admin.common.UserType			User Type
ui.admin.common.UserType.Plural			User Types
ui.admin.common.UserType.Manage			Manage User Types
ui.admin.common.UserType.Add			Add User Type
ui.admin.common.CounterLogType			Counter Log Type
ui.admin.common.CounterLogType.Plural			Counter Log Types
ui.admin.common.CounterLogType.Manage			Manage Counter Log Types
ui.admin.common.CounterLogType.Add			Add Counter Log Type
ui.admin.common.CounterType			Counter Type
ui.admin.common.CounterType.Plural			Counter Types
ui.admin.common.CounterType.Manage			Manage Counter Types
ui.admin.common.CounterType.Add			Add Counter Type
ui.admin.common.CurrencyImageType			Currency Image Type
ui.admin.common.CurrencyImageType.Plural			Currency Image Types
ui.admin.common.CurrencyImageType.Manage			Manage Currency Image Types
ui.admin.common.CurrencyImageType.Add			Add Currency Image Type
ui.admin.common.FranchiseImageType			Franchise Image Type
ui.admin.common.FranchiseImageType.Plural			Franchise Image Types
ui.admin.common.FranchiseImageType.Manage			Manage Franchise Image Types
ui.admin.common.FranchiseImageType.Add			Add Franchise Image Type
ui.admin.common.FranchiseInventoryLocationType			Franchise Inventory Location Type
ui.admin.common.FranchiseInventoryLocationType.Plural			Franchise Inventory Location Types
ui.admin.common.FranchiseInventoryLocationType.Manage			Manage Franchise Inventory Location Types
ui.admin.common.FranchiseInventoryLocationType.Add			Add Franchise Inventory Location Type
ui.admin.common.FranchiseType			Franchise Type
ui.admin.common.FranchiseType.Plural			Franchise Types
ui.admin.common.FranchiseType.Manage			Manage Franchise Types
ui.admin.common.FranchiseType.Add			Add Franchise Type
ui.admin.common.CountryImageType			Country Image Type
ui.admin.common.CountryImageType.Plural			Country Image Types
ui.admin.common.CountryImageType.Manage			Manage Country Image Types
ui.admin.common.CountryImageType.Add			Add Country Image Type
ui.admin.common.DistrictImageType			District Image Type
ui.admin.common.DistrictImageType.Plural			District Image Types
ui.admin.common.DistrictImageType.Manage			Manage District Image Types
ui.admin.common.DistrictImageType.Add			Add District Image Type
ui.admin.common.RegionImageType			Region Image Type
ui.admin.common.RegionImageType.Plural			Region Image Types
ui.admin.common.RegionImageType.Manage			Manage Region Image Types
ui.admin.common.RegionImageType.Add			Add Region Image Type
ui.admin.common.LanguageImageType			Language Image Type
ui.admin.common.LanguageImageType.Plural			Language Image Types
ui.admin.common.LanguageImageType.Manage			Manage Language Image Types
ui.admin.common.LanguageImageType.Add			Add Language Image Type
ui.admin.common.GroupStatus			Group Status
ui.admin.common.GroupStatus.Plural			Group Statuses
ui.admin.common.GroupStatus.Manage			Manage Group Statuses
ui.admin.common.GroupStatus.Add			Add Group Status
ui.admin.common.GroupType			Group Type
ui.admin.common.GroupType.Plural			Group Types
ui.admin.common.GroupType.Manage			Manage Group Types
ui.admin.common.GroupType.Add			Add Group Type
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceEventType			Sales Invoice Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceEventType.Plural			Sales Invoice Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceEventType.Manage			Manage Sales Invoice Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceEventType.Add			Add Sales Invoice Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceState			Sales Invoice State
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceState.Plural			Sales Invoice States
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceState.Manage			Manage Sales Invoice States
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceState.Add			Add Sales Invoice State
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceStatus			Sales Invoice Status
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceStatus.Plural			Sales Invoice Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceStatus.Manage			Manage Sales Invoice Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceStatus.Add			Add Sales Invoice Status
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceType			Sales Invoice Type
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceType.Plural			Sales Invoice Types
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceType.Manage			Manage Sales Invoice Types
ui.admin.common.SalesInvoiceType.Add			Add Sales Invoice Type
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerImageType			Manufacturer Image Type
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerImageType.Plural			Manufacturer Image Types
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerImageType.Manage			Manage Manufacturer Image Types
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerImageType.Add			Add Manufacturer Image Type
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerType			Manufacturer Type
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerType.Plural			Manufacturer Types
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerType.Manage			Manage Manufacturer Types
ui.admin.common.ManufacturerType.Add			Add Manufacturer Type
ui.admin.common.EmailStatus			Email Status
ui.admin.common.EmailStatus.Plural			Email Statuses
ui.admin.common.EmailStatus.Manage			Manage Email Statuses
ui.admin.common.EmailStatus.Add			Add Email Status
ui.admin.common.EmailType			Email Type
ui.admin.common.EmailType.Plural			Email Types
ui.admin.common.EmailType.Manage			Manage Email Types
ui.admin.common.EmailType.Add			Add Email Type
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderEventType			Sales Order Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderEventType.Plural			Sales Order Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderEventType.Manage			Manage Sales Order Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderEventType.Add			Add Sales Order Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderState			Sales Order State
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderState.Plural			Sales Order States
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderState.Manage			Manage Sales Order States
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderState.Add			Add Sales Order State
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderStatus			Sales Order Status
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderStatus.Plural			Sales Order Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderStatus.Manage			Manage Sales Order Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderStatus.Add			Add Sales Order Status
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderType			Sales Order Type
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderType.Plural			Sales Order Types
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderType.Manage			Manage Sales Order Types
ui.admin.common.SalesOrderType.Add			Add Sales Order Type
ui.admin.common.Membership			Membership
ui.admin.common.Membership.Plural			Memberships
ui.admin.common.Membership.Manage			Manage Memberships
ui.admin.common.Membership.Add			Add Membership
ui.admin.common.MembershipLevel			Membership Level
ui.admin.common.MembershipLevel.Plural			Membership Levels
ui.admin.common.MembershipLevel.Manage			Manage Membership Levels
ui.admin.common.MembershipLevel.Add			Add Membership Level
ui.admin.common.PaymentStatus			Payment Status
ui.admin.common.PaymentStatus.Plural			Payment Statuses
ui.admin.common.PaymentStatus.Manage			Manage Payment Statuses
ui.admin.common.PaymentStatus.Add			Add Payment Status
ui.admin.common.PaymentType			Payment Type
ui.admin.common.PaymentType.Plural			Payment Types
ui.admin.common.PaymentType.Manage			Manage Payment Types
ui.admin.common.PaymentType.Add			Add Payment Type
ui.admin.common.RepeatType			Repeat Type
ui.admin.common.RepeatType.Plural			Repeat Types
ui.admin.common.RepeatType.Manage			Manage Repeat Types
ui.admin.common.RepeatType.Add			Add Repeat Type
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionStatus			Subscription Status
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionStatus.Plural			Subscription Statuses
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionStatus.Manage			Manage Subscription Statuses
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionStatus.Add			Add Subscription Status
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionType			Subscription Type
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionType.Plural			Subscription Types
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionType.Manage			Manage Subscription Types
ui.admin.common.SubscriptionType.Add			Add Subscription Type
ui.admin.common.PricePoint			Price Point
ui.admin.common.PricePoint.Plural			Price Points
ui.admin.common.PricePoint.Manage			Manage Price Points
ui.admin.common.PricePoint.Add			Add Price Point
ui.admin.common.FutureImportStatus			Future Import Status
ui.admin.common.FutureImportStatus.Plural			Future Import Statuses
ui.admin.common.FutureImportStatus.Manage			Manage Future Import Statuses
ui.admin.common.FutureImportStatus.Add			Add Future Import Status
ui.admin.common.ProductAssociationType			Product Association Type
ui.admin.common.ProductAssociationType.Plural			Product Association Types
ui.admin.common.ProductAssociationType.Manage			Manage Product Association Types
ui.admin.common.ProductAssociationType.Add			Add Product Association Type
ui.admin.common.ProductDownloadType			Product Download Type
ui.admin.common.ProductDownloadType.Plural			Product Download Types
ui.admin.common.ProductDownloadType.Manage			Manage Product Download Types
ui.admin.common.ProductDownloadType.Add			Add Product Download Type
ui.admin.common.ProductImageType			Product Image Type
ui.admin.common.ProductImageType.Plural			Product Image Types
ui.admin.common.ProductImageType.Manage			Manage Product Image Types
ui.admin.common.ProductImageType.Add			Add Product Image Type
ui.admin.common.ProductStatus			Product Status
ui.admin.common.ProductStatus.Plural			Product Statuses
ui.admin.common.ProductStatus.Manage			Manage Product Statuses
ui.admin.common.ProductStatus.Add			Add Product Status
ui.admin.common.ProductType			Product Type
ui.admin.common.ProductType.Plural			Product Types
ui.admin.common.ProductType.Manage			Manage Product Types
ui.admin.common.ProductType.Add			Add Product Type
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderEventType			Purchase Order Event Type
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderEventType.Plural			Purchase Order Event Types
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderEventType.Manage			Manage Purchase Order Event Types
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderEventType.Add			Add Purchase Order Event Type
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderState			Purchase Order State
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderState.Plural			Purchase Order States
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderState.Manage			Manage Purchase Order States
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderState.Add			Add Purchase Order State
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderStatus			Purchase Order Status
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderStatus.Plural			Purchase Order Statuses
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderStatus.Manage			Manage Purchase Order Statuses
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderStatus.Add			Add Purchase Order Status
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderType			Purchase Order Type
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderType.Plural			Purchase Order Types
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderType.Manage			Manage Purchase Order Types
ui.admin.common.PurchaseOrderType.Add			Add Purchase Order Type
ui.admin.common.QuestionType			Question Type
ui.admin.common.QuestionType.Plural			Question Types
ui.admin.common.QuestionType.Manage			Manage Question Types
ui.admin.common.QuestionType.Add			Add Question Type
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteEventType			Sales Quote Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteEventType.Plural			Sales Quote Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteEventType.Manage			Manage Sales Quote Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteEventType.Add			Add Sales Quote Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteState			Sales Quote State
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteState.Plural			Sales Quote States
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteState.Manage			Manage Sales Quote States
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteState.Add			Add Sales Quote State
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteStatus			Sales Quote Status
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteStatus.Plural			Sales Quote Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteStatus.Manage			Manage Sales Quote Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteStatus.Add			Add Sales Quote Status
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteType			Sales Quote Type
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteType.Plural			Sales Quote Types
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteType.Manage			Manage Sales Quote Types
ui.admin.common.SalesQuoteType.Add			Add Sales Quote Type
ui.admin.common.ReportType			Report Type
ui.admin.common.ReportType.Plural			Report Types
ui.admin.common.ReportType.Manage			Manage Report Types
ui.admin.common.ReportType.Add			Add Report Type
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnEventType			Sales Return Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnEventType.Plural			Sales Return Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnEventType.Manage			Manage Sales Return Event Types
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnEventType.Add			Add Sales Return Event Type
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnReason			Sales Return Reason
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnReason.Plural			Sales Return Reasons
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnReason.Manage			Manage Sales Return Reasons
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnReason.Add			Add Sales Return Reason
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnState			Sales Return State
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnState.Plural			Sales Return States
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnState.Manage			Manage Sales Return States
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnState.Add			Add Sales Return State
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnStatus			Sales Return Status
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnStatus.Plural			Sales Return Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnStatus.Manage			Manage Sales Return Statuses
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnStatus.Add			Add Sales Return Status
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnType			Sales Return Type
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnType.Plural			Sales Return Types
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnType.Manage			Manage Sales Return Types
ui.admin.common.SalesReturnType.Add			Add Sales Return Type
ui.admin.common.ReviewType			Review Type
ui.admin.common.ReviewType.Plural			Review Types
ui.admin.common.ReviewType.Manage			Manage Review Types
ui.admin.common.ReviewType.Add			Add Review Type
ui.admin.common.SalesItemTargetType			Sales Item Target Type
ui.admin.common.SalesItemTargetType.Plural			Sales Item Target Types
ui.admin.common.SalesItemTargetType.Manage			Manage Sales Item Target Types
ui.admin.common.SalesItemTargetType.Add			Add Sales Item Target Type
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestEventType			Sample Request Event Type
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestEventType.Plural			Sample Request Event Types
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestEventType.Manage			Manage Sample Request Event Types
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestEventType.Add			Add Sample Request Event Type
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestState			Sample Request State
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestState.Plural			Sample Request States
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestState.Manage			Manage Sample Request States
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestState.Add			Add Sample Request State
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestStatus			Sample Request Status
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestStatus.Plural			Sample Request Statuses
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestStatus.Manage			Manage Sample Request Statuses
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestStatus.Add			Add Sample Request Status
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestType			Sample Request Type
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestType.Plural			Sample Request Types
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestType.Manage			Manage Sample Request Types
ui.admin.common.SampleRequestType.Add			Add Sample Request Type
ui.admin.common.AppointmentStatus			Appointment Status
ui.admin.common.AppointmentStatus.Plural			Appointment Statuses
ui.admin.common.AppointmentStatus.Manage			Manage Appointment Statuses
ui.admin.common.AppointmentStatus.Add			Add Appointment Status
ui.admin.common.AppointmentType			Appointment Type
ui.admin.common.AppointmentType.Plural			Appointment Types
ui.admin.common.AppointmentType.Manage			Manage Appointment Types
ui.admin.common.AppointmentType.Add			Add Appointment Type
ui.admin.common.ScoutCategoryType			Scout Category Type
ui.admin.common.ScoutCategoryType.Plural			Scout Category Types
ui.admin.common.ScoutCategoryType.Manage			Manage Scout Category Types
ui.admin.common.ScoutCategoryType.Add			Add Scout Category Type
ui.admin.common.PackageType			Package Type
ui.admin.common.PackageType.Plural			Package Types
ui.admin.common.PackageType.Manage			Manage Package Types
ui.admin.common.PackageType.Add			Add Package Type
ui.admin.common.ShipmentStatus			Shipment Status
ui.admin.common.ShipmentStatus.Plural			Shipment Statuses
ui.admin.common.ShipmentStatus.Manage			Manage Shipment Statuses
ui.admin.common.ShipmentStatus.Add			Add Shipment Status
ui.admin.common.ShipmentType			Shipment Type
ui.admin.common.ShipmentType.Plural			Shipment Types
ui.admin.common.ShipmentType.Manage			Manage Shipment Types
ui.admin.common.ShipmentType.Add			Add Shipment Type
ui.admin.common.CartEventType			Cart Event Type
ui.admin.common.CartEventType.Plural			Cart Event Types
ui.admin.common.CartEventType.Manage			Manage Cart Event Types
ui.admin.common.CartEventType.Add			Add Cart Event Type
ui.admin.common.CartState			Cart State
ui.admin.common.CartState.Plural			Cart States
ui.admin.common.CartState.Manage			Manage Cart States
ui.admin.common.CartState.Add			Add Cart State
ui.admin.common.CartStatus			Cart Status
ui.admin.common.CartStatus.Plural			Cart Statuses
ui.admin.common.CartStatus.Manage			Manage Cart Statuses
ui.admin.common.CartStatus.Add			Add Cart Status
ui.admin.common.CartType			Cart Type
ui.admin.common.CartType.Plural			Cart Types
ui.admin.common.CartType.Manage			Manage Cart Types
ui.admin.common.CartType.Add			Add Cart Type
ui.admin.common.StoreImageType			Store Image Type
ui.admin.common.StoreImageType.Plural			Store Image Types
ui.admin.common.StoreImageType.Manage			Manage Store Image Types
ui.admin.common.StoreImageType.Add			Add Store Image Type
ui.admin.common.StoreInventoryLocationType			Store Inventory Location Type
ui.admin.common.StoreInventoryLocationType.Plural			Store Inventory Location Types
ui.admin.common.StoreInventoryLocationType.Manage			Manage Store Inventory Location Types
ui.admin.common.StoreInventoryLocationType.Add			Add Store Inventory Location Type
ui.admin.common.StoreType			Store Type
ui.admin.common.StoreType.Plural			Store Types
ui.admin.common.StoreType.Manage			Manage Store Types
ui.admin.common.StoreType.Add			Add Store Type
ui.admin.common.NoteType			Note Type
ui.admin.common.NoteType.Plural			Note Types
ui.admin.common.NoteType.Manage			Manage Note Types
ui.admin.common.NoteType.Add			Add Note Type
ui.admin.common.RecordVersionType			Record Version Type
ui.admin.common.RecordVersionType.Plural			Record Version Types
ui.admin.common.RecordVersionType.Manage			Manage Record Version Types
ui.admin.common.RecordVersionType.Add			Add Record Version Type
ui.admin.common.SettingGroup			Setting Group
ui.admin.common.SettingGroup.Plural			Setting Groups
ui.admin.common.SettingGroup.Manage			Manage Setting Groups
ui.admin.common.SettingGroup.Add			Add Setting Group
ui.admin.common.SettingType			Setting Type
ui.admin.common.SettingType.Plural			Setting Types
ui.admin.common.SettingType.Manage			Manage Setting Types
ui.admin.common.SettingType.Add			Add Setting Type
ui.admin.common.CampaignStatus			Campaign Status
ui.admin.common.CampaignStatus.Plural			Campaign Statuses
ui.admin.common.CampaignStatus.Manage			Manage Campaign Statuses
ui.admin.common.CampaignStatus.Add			Add Campaign Status
ui.admin.common.CampaignType			Campaign Type
ui.admin.common.CampaignType.Plural			Campaign Types
ui.admin.common.CampaignType.Manage			Manage Campaign Types
ui.admin.common.CampaignType.Add			Add Campaign Type
ui.admin.common.EventStatus			Event Status
ui.admin.common.EventStatus.Plural			Event Statuses
ui.admin.common.EventStatus.Manage			Manage Event Statuses
ui.admin.common.EventStatus.Add			Add Event Status
ui.admin.common.EventType			Event Type
ui.admin.common.EventType.Plural			Event Types
ui.admin.common.EventType.Manage			Manage Event Types
ui.admin.common.EventType.Add			Add Event Type
ui.admin.common.IPOrganizationStatus			I P Organization Status
ui.admin.common.IPOrganizationStatus.Plural			I P Organization Statuses
ui.admin.common.IPOrganizationStatus.Manage			Manage I P Organization Statuses
ui.admin.common.IPOrganizationStatus.Add			Add I P Organization Status
ui.admin.common.PageViewStatus			Page View Status
ui.admin.common.PageViewStatus.Plural			Page View Statuses
ui.admin.common.PageViewStatus.Manage			Manage Page View Statuses
ui.admin.common.PageViewStatus.Add			Add Page View Status
ui.admin.common.PageViewType			Page View Type
ui.admin.common.PageViewType.Plural			Page View Types
ui.admin.common.PageViewType.Manage			Manage Page View Types
ui.admin.common.PageViewType.Add			Add Page View Type
ui.admin.common.VisitStatus			Visit Status
ui.admin.common.VisitStatus.Plural			Visit Statuses
ui.admin.common.VisitStatus.Manage			Manage Visit Statuses
ui.admin.common.VisitStatus.Add			Add Visit Status
ui.admin.common.VendorImageType			Vendor Image Type
ui.admin.common.VendorImageType.Plural			Vendor Image Types
ui.admin.common.VendorImageType.Manage			Manage Vendor Image Types
ui.admin.common.VendorImageType.Add			Add Vendor Image Type
ui.admin.common.VendorType			Vendor Type
ui.admin.common.VendorType.Plural			Vendor Types
ui.admin.common.VendorType.Manage			Manage Vendor Types
ui.admin.common.VendorType.Add			Add Vendor Type
